Euro-Center | Local Assistance - Worldwide (Emergency Backup website)

Welcome to Euro-Center's Backup Website

Our main website has been disrupted. Please find our essential services and information below until our main site is up and running again. 

Your safety and peace of mind are our priorities.


Emergency Assistance Available 24/7

If you need urgent assistance, please contact our dedicated support teams directly:

Emergency Hotline: [ECP, ECBKG] 
Email Support: [ECP, ECBKG]

We understand times of crisis can cause stress and uncertainty. Our global team is here to support you, no matter where you are in the world.

Regional assistance in office hours: Tanja – presumably the website is only down for a short period, so no need to add local ECs?


Our Services

We provide a broad range of services tailored especially for:

1. Insurance Companies
   - Emergency Assistance: 24/7 help and advice for expatriates and travelers.
   - Claims Handling:  Streamlined services ensuring quick resolutions. Including Flash the Card services. 
   - Language Support: Multilingual assistance is available to cater to your needs. 

2. Assistance Companies
   - Local Expertise: Access to the medical provider network of 12 Euro-Centers for comprehensive assistance globally.
   - Cost Management: Cost containment and case management support to navigate medical care efficiently.

3. Corporate Clients
   -  Medical Assistance: Continuous access to local healthcare networks and cashless services.
   - Evacuation Solutions: Customized emergency response plans available.




Stay Updated

Your safety is our mission. For updates and communication during this period, please follow updates here: 

-	A field where we can upload information ongoingly on this dark site.

-	LinkedIn: EC’s link. 


About Euro-Center

With over 50 years of experience and a network of 70,000 medical facilities, Euro-Center is one of the world’s leading companies in the field of medical assistance, travel assistance and claims handling. With our 12 regional offices, we provide local assistance – globally. Euro-Center is ISO 9001:2015 certified. 



